Gil-dong is a 22-year-old engineering student. His father, Mr. Pan S. Hong, is a wealthy IT tycoon with multinational businesses in Korea, Japan, China, Germany, and the US. However, due to his family’s Confucian traditions, Mr. Hong could not marry Gil-dong’s mother, who was from a lower social class. So Gil-dong’s mother had to raise Mr. Hong’s illegitimate son in a back alley in Seoul. Nevertheless, Gil-dong worked hard in high school and entered the Super Advanced Institute of Science & Technology (“SAIST”) in Daejeon to major in aerospace engineering. During his SAIST years, Gil-dong’s routine is climbing the Gyeryongsan (Mount Gyeryong) on weekends for extracurricular astronomy activities. One day, while exploring this sacred mountain, Gil-dong stumbles upon a mysterious artifact that has fallen from the sky. It looks like a fidget spinner with a ball bearing at its center and three flat lobes that spin quickly. However, he soon discovers that it isn’t just a toy but a powerful source of magical energy. He namesit the “San-Dol,” which can be translated to either “mighty stone” or “living stone,” and believes it is made of titanium, jade, and an unknown stone from a distant galaxy. San-Dol changes Gil-dong completely. Gil-dong trains himself to master martial arts and harness immense qi power with the help of the stone. San-Dol enables Gil-dong to: lift massive rocks and armored vehicles and throw them into the air like baseballs, jump up from the ground to the top of the tallest skyscrapers in a single leap (at the buildings such as the Burj Khalifa, the Gherkin, the Sears Tower, the Petronas Twin Towers, and the Empire State Building), and soar through the skies on a cloud-like vehicle, gliding like an eagle. Along with his mastery of martial arts, Gil-dong wields the power of the San-Dol to unleash devastating attacks, such as an air (qi) punch or an electromagnetic pulse. These are not just any ordinary punches but deadly weapons fueled by his qi power, capable of defeating even the strongest of monsters and villains. When the President of the Villain Nation sends his special forces to capture Gil-dong, Gildong easily outsmarts them and ties them up at the top of the Chrysler Building. The evil President has previously imprisoned Gil-dong’s father, Pan S. Hong, as leverage to force Gildong to surrender. However, Gil-dong responds by creating avatars from a deck of cards infused with his qi power. These avatars look, speak, and even perform martial arts like Gildong, confusing the President’s army. Despite capturing the avatars, they are taken aback to find a deck of cards in the President’s courtyard instead. The unexpected turn of events also catches the President off guard. Finally, the evil President manages to arrest Gil-dong. However, Gil-dong vanishes in a puff of smoke, laughing at the wicked President. As a superhero, Gil-dong follows the principles of justice and helps those in need everywhere. The people praise him and his team for taking the wealth of corrupt government officials and distributing it to the less fortunate.