Chan Hong is a wealthy Asian-American multibillionaire and computer scientist. Chan inherited vast wealth from his parents. But he also made a great fortune on Wall Street before retiring to the Bay Area. Chan, as a second generation of an Asian immigrant family, is aware of the discrimination faced by different races and social classes. Therefore, after witnessing the corruption and greed of people, he becomes disillusioned with the money-driven philosophy of the business world and decides to retire early. Chan lives peacefully in his mysterious high-rise building, "Hong Tower.” It is unknown to others, but Chan’s father constructed Hong Tower to research state-of-the-art technologies. One day, while returning from an academic conference, Chan encounters a crime scene on the Golden Gate Bridge. He tries to protect an old couple from gangsters, but a bullet shot by a gangster injures his heart. Fortunately, he is rescued by his steward and taken to the Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital for treatment. Thanks to the advanced technologies Chan and his scientists have developed, he makes a miraculous recovery and is transformed into the superhero Hong Ironman. Hong Ironman is a hybrid superhero, combining elements of the classic Korean novel “Hong Gil-dong Jeon” and Marvel Comics’ Iron Man, equipped with a powerful supercomputer called Gulliver. Hong Ironman uses his newfound powers to fight against corporate crimes and terrorist attacks in cities such as New York, Paris, London, Tokyo, Beijing, Seoul, and San Francisco. In addition, he works closely with local police departments to bring justice to those seeking harm. Hong Ironman can lift heavy objects, fly at hypersonic speeds, and shoot electricity punches out of his palms. His armor and Gulliver enhance his strength, martial arts skills, and intelligence. The armor is made of computerized cloths with bulletproof and fireproof properties and provides a stealth function. Unfortunately, for unknown reasons, the film does not expose the material vibranium directly in the Hong Ironman. Still, the material comprising Hong Ironman’s armor is described as indestructible metallic ore with energy manipulating properties to absorb, store, and release large amounts of kinetic energy. In addition, the source of Hong Ironman’s extraordinary power is an arc reactor implanted in his chest. With unwavering confidence in his mission to practice justice and aid those in need, Hong Ironman’s popularity only continues to grow. Instead of taking ill-gotten gains from corrupt individuals, he ensures that all illegal funds are appropriately returned to the government or donated to charitable organizations.